10/05/2015:
	Today is the finalization of Hurb Project.
		- MemCache is now set up !
		- 
	AS we decided to implement a memCache System



09/05/2015:
	Like yesterday, lot of stuff has been done :
		- We decide to display comments only on the permalink of the page.
		- Javascript features on buttons
		- Deletion of the task is now under condition.
		- PArticipation : user can now cancel his participation
		- A user can delete comments he has published
	As a feature of our project, a Google Map has been added to each task, available only on the newTask creation.
		-The Google Map is available on tasks' permalink
	Et the end of the day, we decided to implement a memCache System.




08/05/2015 :
	Lot of stuff today !!! As the deadline approaches, all the team is on alert Mode !
		- Design the WebSite following an HTML template !
		- Add the user's tasks on its profile page
		- Delete of user's account and tasks is now possible
		- Registered as a participant for a task is now possible.
		- Add a dateTimePicker to the task creation
	The whole things is functionnal, but not perfect : the skeleton is set up !




05/04/2015 :
	Add of the id of the task in the jinja template, to display multiple tasks and handle properly actions relative to them.
	For the need of the project, a refactoring has been done, separating the log.py file into 4 files :
		*main.py : contains all the request Handler
		*bro.py : db model of a Bro (user)
		*task.py : db model of a task and a comment
		*security.py : all methods relatives to crypt and encrypt data.
	Finally, the infinite scroll has beenremoved of the project, due to complexity of implementation.


02/05/215 :
	Today has been a great day !
	Permalink of tasks are now present, with a good display (readable).
	Besides, the Profil.html has been improved
	Finally, all required libraries to set up an infinite scroll are in the project.




30/04/2015 :
	Today, all the team have finished dedicated tasks (almost).
	A meeting has been made, these are the relevant points of it :
		User : 	bind tasks to users
				On signup, redirect on a UserPage as permalink (for now)
				On this UserPage, display its relatives tasks
				implements a graphic content for the page

		Task :  bind task to user (both authors and participants)
				associate comments to task
				add action as 'participate', 'concel participation'
				implements a graphic content for a task, on apermalinkPage (for now)
				Potentially refer to a gmap, to select the place where the tasks will be done

		Home :	displays all tasks (no sorted for now)
				add action as 'search' to find a specific User / Task
				add a redirection to the logged in user's Page
				Set up Technologies library (Jquery, Bootstrap, Trello)

	After this meeting, we have decided to move our project management on the trello application






27/04/2015 :
	Hollyday time is now finished, it's time to work !
	Today, tasks have been clearly separated, in order to developp each part in a functionnal way; Each teammate will have a unique part to implement.
		Project is separated into 3 parts : 
		*Home page (dedicated to user's information) : Kevin Vincent
		*Task component (dedicated to a task information) : Arnaud Brun
		*Infinite scroll of task, which have tobe the interface between the both previous part : Eric Perlinski
	As these 3 parts will be completed, we will move on specific features.



09/04/2015 :
	After a very long discussion, we've determined a suitable name for our website : "Help your bro' !"
	Help your bro will provide an interface 
		in the left hand to publish offers as Transportation, Moving, Paint room and so on;
		in the other hand, to register as a contributor for a given offer;
	The project has been launched ! 
